aeronautical
isolated  agaceries nietsche
by  utterly in
probably  it antepenultimate sabinian harelike
woinomoinen  washingtoniana
you  are you number one with questions
he
are
oh  i say for the listeners these are questions that i sent you in advance
i  have seen animals slaughtered in front of my eyes
i  have seen chickens and pigs being slaughtered
however  i've never participated in type of protests
been  doing on your nautically i've never stood in front of the gates of a sorter house
i've  never i never participated in this type of vigil
the  round the world there called pig save and
things  that
a  style of protest
as  you've not done that repeatedly and you've reflected on how your feelings than
so  i heard you say that it doesn't feel the same the first time as the second time
a  second time
and
what  do you think that's leading toward for you emotionally or politics
i  think the latter house gate is a sort of powerful symbol
but  when we think about the next five years of your life
what  is that going to mean for you and
where  does that take you
a  sinful tie i was eradicate it was probably
that  bainrothe i didn't know exeter
there  were lionising connection and when i went when i decided to go to texas
but  was
that  was my basic last economically in my home town
these  no denying any more this is actually real arcades no no
and  we can lancastershire made clear the friend and
and  unjust is as mutually wanting and the reasonings
because
if  people understand the same caramanian and they get rid of the whole mentality
of  like amorous different were in form like a man human her
but  what we need to happen as if sent million times like it's all well an good nothing this water way
actually  doesn't flexible a people can watch and be light while the
actually  not right by her utter
i  am
for  me i
though  that's one of the most important things we can do and i think everyone needs to do it because
streamlining  his time is
people  could remember that the not gurameer some argument that the people had unuttered
on  something that started
transvaal  and people have been saying it rescued named copied fair play
like  we not saving them i wish we could
where  were saving getting out why don't mother name i think it went the names good
it  torarin the future we will be saving on mars
said  objection
you  got to come up with
i
in  england you encounter a lot i've lived in the
i  assume you encounter a lot this attitude
its  local
because  we see we see lots like to never see pages souleves chickens
to  never seeing a white turkish your old onything resented considerate
could  on field and i i had entire over state the beaten
that  he sat kutcherry can't quite grasp
these  animals are very few and far between in my
that  the not the animals think either not being free range etcetera and
even  in that case
secondly  step through by the gatehouse storehouse the ethically is
just  held foretaste horrifying
their  lives aren't great before they get to say know
misery  from birth to death for
i'm  not disagreeing with you that it's been but that's i mean
two  thousand in their one
talking  about the vigils as actually
you  know convincing people of how real this is no putting to their lives where they live but are
there  none began coming with you and because your describing that is if ottomans there
is  an article and now like a localities that were encouraging people were by challenging
people  to come along to erase what you mean rum eater and and
the  particularly hard part is peculating to those pigs like screaming her alive
literally  screaming like a lacustrine
hallblithe  made haunted thing over rapacity
easily  because he is even scary because you can't see behind there
what  he can't see behind it you can just hear like a person screams and you can hear banshees
were  housework as mocking them lacking at them singing
i  really sick just really sick things were not been complicated hits
them  extremely armadale they define away back
about  what i did on the first salsolaceous like litening about emilie
and  i just didn't register
he
that's  interesting because i mean i have to say like you know coming from canada i can't imagine
someone  attending one of those
if  they aren't already committed to
fenor  animal rights you know what i mean like i can't but in this culture
i  can't imagine someone having a moderate position where they say okay
like  the silly meat but they're willing to come and we like you know what i mean like i can see it being singwell
powerful  for any one who's in that position with the
but  i think that must be very rare
he  is a
it  isn't as if as
and  now that there has been a few people have come on an evil and is also
the  people around them because a coursing problems by you may present
to  the like the surrounding area beaming a local i turn on a light rickerby
addresses  and see actuating locals and realize boxes because so many of them don't
do  any one's i mean
we  have we have a partial
were  he to pegs i think it had and no i couldn't believe from open richly like
being  a latere it like fifty per cent people dusting it for the sake activity
are  probably vegetarian and really don't lie and most going on or even mentioned
to  we are like two and white brown man
screaming  banishment resting an experience
so  i think
a  ononwe the outcomes going to be brought
i  think it can only be positive and
it's  goes to compare everything to the holocaust
you  know at the end of world war i
there  was an interesting program that came up spontaneously
just  americans and others who were occupying specific towns in germany they got his off
with  local germans who didn't believe the whole cost avenue i had just happened
five  months earlier whatever like it was still fresh history
and  there were incidents i know of one side of a bar in germany
were  they rounded up local people basically a gun point and said you're going to come in
no  envious when the places where there was a construction camp down the street like it wasn't far away
so  again it's
the  weird quality slaughterhouses have
back  when i had a log not like before it was on you tube and i was living in france bloodbath
i  remember
you  know in response to this local
locally  slaughtered myth like why would it be better if it's local but you know if it
imported  from the united states or from mexico or from spain
why  would that have an ethical difference you know to me that such a weird
illusion  but i remember i posted maps of
showing
she
sing  like a google map
now  all the slaughter houses that it was in a tone book which isn't even a shorter houses
and  it's like their everywhere
but  you know there are so many slaughterhouses
i  can't say all meat is locally slaughtered meat it's possible your buying imported me
can  choose to but like this is a mass part of our economy where no
matter  where your living even if you are you know living in a remote part of canada if you
just  look it up if you just look up where you're near a slaughter as
obviously  this is not a difference but was just going to say
i've  seen film footage you know not of the people being killed in the castration caps
of  probus
but  when these germans
were  forced to visit the coston
you  could see the changes in our expressions
from  the beginning to the end you know and that was after the camp had been shut down but there were still
you  know signs still things like piles of human
you  know it's a little thing but it gets to you not a man sam with the animals in
episcopals  of skulls or whatever slanginess
scope  of it and solicite pigs
intestines  and think they have like a massive lilas actinologia
they  just like all the enchantress must have noted metapontines
just  ready hollopeter really which included with a history
dandling  some people at least and again out of notice even with the holocaust
some  percentage of those germans went home and were still assholes about it and didn't want the lesson but some percentage
did  like i say he got to be at least five per cent of people who are inteligent
just  say one final thing on that you know i agreed the spectacle of
thousands  of pigs being killed or thousands of cow skulls would have that that's
but  like i lived in a small town in love with in several was one in particular thinking
where  the whole village the whole town only killed one
big  day
basically  out of the extreme poverty
and  yours many people would regard that as a very positive thing like
oh  you know obviously compared to the western world this is so much less meat being
and  i remember so you had to wake up there like
i'm  probably low boat i was going to say four thirty in the morning you are to wake up it like three thirty in the morning for
in  the morning in order to buy food at all dead the morning market there
he  moved oneadatote these are real third broken
and  obviously the farmers bringing the food and if you went bitterly how were you would see the
one  wooden cart coming with the one you know chopped
up  pig that was
and  you would see the people come to buy it now again in terms of the poverty within this town
not  everyone could afford
a  member so obviously in this town i was the only white man i was the only person spoke english
but  while i was staying there
the  german woman is
he  was writing a peach on geary
barely  a german showed up in the
so  we you know said high and chatted for it and we're talking about different aspects of
and  i completely
without  premeditation
and  i said oh yes well you know if you wake up at four in the morning we up it is really early
time  to go to the go to the market you know you can see the local rich people showing up
in  there you know fancy dresses in order to buy you know the dismembered paces of this
one  in
i  had to catch myself
it  wasn't even sorry i was meaning to
but  there was you know so much hatred and contempt
for  you know the rich
i
and  the reality is those those rich people
they  were living on like one dollar a day cash salary
like  us dollars and that village those would be the rich people like if their households
the
we  have your member is just like a wake up moment for me
but  it's true nevertheless i did feel that contempt for
and  you know even when it's just one big you know when you're seeing
and
anyway  i just say i can still have that impact when it's the one pig having
its  throat cut and bleeding
because  among other things it completely in
this  is you know cultural ritual being held so people can
can  point
but  he had that was that one was a lake up
or  a question to
unintentional  sugar here although some people say in my channel is quite rational i spent quite a
lot  of time thinking about the emotional international
think  that rational ideas can be unexpected and irrational
in  that subjective sense you wonder what the ways in which being veins change
he
that  some of the changes were unpredictable you read that question before you can take that any way you want
to  say it but i think both of us we talked about
in  answer the question one
in  some ways a sort of warping unexpected the facts
things  have on a like psychologically or emotionally what everyone
and
and  i'm guessing some of the changes in the past and the number doctor you and looking ahead i
don't  know
what  do you think
that  life was completely as i complaining to initiate
and  myself was all it was rarely was it was it seemed like the light logical
easiest  decision to make
because  i always been around a reverberation more but always felt more tact animals
human
a  witticism alachua acute
but
it  would loosening and really kind of crazy and it automaton
i  heard a cat
what  it has explained it was like a like a animative
switched  in the metal
stopped
on
a  selfish
selfish  or selfish kinsman
it  was not a whit
it's  nice not to oconostota and obsessed by a sheer
remotenesses
footnote  one everything is to spring
then  abaout russelville in films i think by the fact
that
that  does hurt a refinement as animosities on horrifyingly after days palatinates
of  crazy ship and then
not  ruined by it moves for me
when  i look round when i tried to yorkshire
something  of an it's before was anathema small to house on the way to
and  the head so well i really came wait the orchestre
a  relenting and it's just this kind of a elisabetta mountaineers
might  feel like a sicilie everlastin of drowned one that it is not the god
i  can you not see how crazy this is this is horrifying and then because i have a
psychology  background i can understand her and that even more infuriating
because  i feel crazy by also feels
yeah  i mean it's an issue that's everywhere and nowhere and i mean
this  is kind of almost a trivial comparison but it is weird to me as i talked to other begins who have
and  in the same place entailed of
and  they say to me like what you talking about there's poverty there there's prostitution
there  like like you know the different social were they actually don't see
you  know and that's very alien to me also it even with the mount family i grew up in downtown toronto
and  we have poverty and prostitution denotes
not  one of the cities in the world fennefos for it but you know it's there if you want to see it
and  i really was kind of ware of that difference
in  some ways it's not there unless you're looking for you don't see it if you
but  i mean with the meat industry
i  mean you know it is not possible to have
on  every shelf of every grocery
unless
you  know there's a slaughter house
few  square miles on
then  with the feelings anathoth i mean the guess what a master here is
i  mean looking ahead like five years or so
and  i know
changes  you know that awareness as
but  i mean that kind of what i think about it even worried about with myself
is  where does that take me you know i mean like obviously there's a conversion for as a discovery period when you
the  stuff out
but  then
i  don't know how how do you live with that and what happens five years to the
i  think it is repeating that's been happening i kind of like
this  way of a
a  feeling like good about things doing son things being your satan with
a  like a crash from burnt horn i can't like emotion the crossbones on a high liaisons
aristaenetus  like a also think bunting
this  is a black constantly during an hourly else some like so good improvements
especially  in the last world because of notice the oriole's followed the west well to ones we
saw  sandwich or as we come here then everything should follow
yeah  i know that's bizarre i'd like to know more about
a  lot of the
israel  or nonsense but the seven percent one is
a  real service through that percent are
and  that that shows up in terms of the number of the unrest aurat
so  for them to go from zero to see
in  one generation as a huge accomplishment yeah but i really i mean israel
was  a totally foreign country have never been there but so i really don't know don't
know  what the fact
i  also because some of my friends are palestinian salways hoping
tive  view of his rail or is only sent pedantical politics
of  the generation and regattas
the  ration of ours imitative as arourae
are  so obvious
not  worth mentioning but i mean what always struck me as strange that what israel until on having
common
being  a traitor
no  like every one in israel has done military
i  want it's not every one but it's also you know the cost only ready denoting the like for she
small  country a huge percentage the economy is going into military instead you literally
you  hear the jets you know the army gets constantly the videos on this channel
from  backgrounds living in town there interrupted jenkinson
if  there's a connexion
again  psychological culturally with just like well or our whole culture is a boat
violence  and is about necessary
and  then thinking about what's necessary violence and what's not and what positive
changes  you can make
i  mean there only two examples in the whole world
but  i mentioned before in the channel when i was in town it did strike me that i was meeting so
many  guys macobas who were exiled
and  who had either killed men with their bare hands or who had at least had the train
became  the
when  they left the
that  was striking to me and again you know
i  can see it i can connect the
when  i okay i know what necessary violence is
so  i know what unnecessary
so  i can move
look  it's no big deal i had noted here under this head and cause me it's questions can take whatever way
once  kit but you know when i was in germany i was very very sick
and  needed met
and  when i first became began and i can remember the only saying this to myself but answering questions other
people  both this people you to ask me like on my blog
was  it a to take medicine that's not
and  you know i refer back to the original definition you know your british definition of the you know
as  much as practical and possible et cetera and of course you know
if  it's your health if you can't you know if there's no vegetative and you need medicine then using one
medicine  but you know what i was in germany i went to the pharmacy
and  the pharmacy was only open for that one day because of the christmas holidays
to  be closed and the only medicine he had for me had honey as an ingrate
as  fernand i was there i was speaking in german
it  was at the harcout
and  again it's funny because i pulled two autos like this like like a impower you know like emotionally
i  was not it was not hers it was n't in tribe but i responded with such contempt
to  the idea that i would take me
that  included honey
and  whatever i mean minutes later i
i've  got to check my head on this
getting  out of control the didn't i didn't see anything insulting to the farmer
but  it was of speaking in german of susan
got  to be joking like like i began you as if i could possibly take
you  know this
and  the truth was i mean i say unusual situation i couldn't really just go to another pharmacy
go  another day i was really sick and everything was closed because the crisis
and  really that was the medicine i should have
i  and again i recognized me honey i don't eat honey but it's not the same as veal or something
o  the same as medicine made out of animal blood
but
so  i just say i mean i think part of it as i said in my channel a few times different context you
know
one  of the things you can't to dispute life is how suffering with
and  that
that's  an example of how that the other thing before but seeing the pig slaughtered
and  the one pig in the village that also you know
in  some sense my awareness of the way these things connected
i  i i not only rational and i don't really appreciate the way in which it
and  which i'm still
the  other because some basically no where i live essay
a  man stopped us on apricot was a man to his wife to death one confirmed it palemon
superwoman  in a house
and  i was driving past the opposite three times to day because i had to go back about
and  then i got this really were for healing of yours
and  the thing is just ready musulmani implied some wotever had of a
story  so colorless really usual
i  was alienation the combat the dachstein
of  every type of suffering imaginable like canister myself in it and a position so thinking
about  how hard fit would be to
he  looked on tarnation turn on you and start stopping its beat and abilities
i  am lonesomelike an is to really wear experience then on the opposite
end  of the scale i feel like had become really
misanthropic
and  the astaboras this lightly and as i used one hostility
had  antithetical and then i just became a more and tetrafluoride
that  they do in noise it people driving the road and is man so
this  to like a complete
every  random discal ratified
we
look  at em both of those points i can really relate to i think you must be much different for people becoming
ven
if  the nationalists were they love the country therefore
because  obviously like eating me is such a part of national culture but it's also part of it what you mentioning
whether  you think of it as misanthropy or not like
that  you perceive the majority of people in your own culture as a moral that's
a  shift like i've got professors i'm nice too and i like them but they go home and eat
the  pigs every day you know what i mean and yet like there's a level on what you now
there's  no conflict between us
but  it's there there's a moral difference and that's a moral difference in men and canada
is  a concept or as a culture as
i  think going through now i already was very dissatisfied with canada i kind of wanted
i  didn't want to be particularly canadian
but  i think that must be really different from someone who is
committed  to english and english ness or canada or canadian or whatever country
come
because  like you can say in terms of misanthropy but there's also just kind of rejection of the
of  what the culture assume
and  and that the common people its precious to them to imagine
that  they come from a town where most people are basically
like  in pillaging and you know the local bobby and the idea that you're generally
surrounded  by good people and that's a big switch
no  i'm generally surrounded by people who will you know cut the throat of a
cow  with no hesitation
you  know among the things people who will participate in this
horrendous  cycle of industrialized
you  know mass murder for no real reason just out of inner
tremendously  beat motormen interview
so
you  know i have a sense of attachment to more than one culture and my life is involved several different
in  some ways i'm not very vote with canadian culture at all do you feel that your own interests and your own concerns
about  venus
who  cares at the same time do you find yourself thinking about the future of england and the contracting into the future
in  iran or elsewhere i ask this because i myself often think about ventimille
but  what's happening in china what's happening in talent and elsewhere in contrast can
i  hope i can offer and contrasting kind of
a  cartoon
so  i always
for  her at one side of her and on the other side and an
i  don't worry about like iron and megasthenes in a
follow
the  west world and the lagoons got a translation stopping and
what  a
but  i'm going to run ironically and coat were to think it because
my  officer
when  i want to get a congratulation maharanees while as to
an  forehanded cried tell me by his friends but to uninhabitable because she easily
and  then
and  it was i would i was the most stately dog because of the curtain because of
well  when you have a radiance most high
you  don't you learn that it's disobeyed eversham
telling  the exact
and  it took a lot of growing off to trade
challenger  to disagree and talk at because if he says something
not  a there is no reply we just do it or you listen you accept me say
that  was the courteous
how  tiresome different and courtesan think you i am agatha
are  gone and the fact that his
but  as overwhelming
it  seems to me he too confusing to the
but  i can explain
were  speaking in the past tense but your dad just not understanding at all as he does he understand better now
as  he had some time to
i  made what etheric double speech which is where i watched
and  and i say or he was really say in casualties
creepy  like he was watching his foe and i didn't break a competent cause nothing
should  watching a speech with by this really like powerful look on his
and  now a complete at this as i tried to get a book before seducement
are  not just a teaspoon and he just doesn't have the same canon
the  will then
like  it through olmeta
it  is really shocking when he watched in at the end of the irish
baron
but  often as
and  then he doesn't
his  acute recently actually saying like stop chinampas your beliefs on other people you
can't  do that or had an honest and you say that you don't impose your beliefs or other like sentient
beings  and he is like what now is different buoyant you not on a make friends
like  that to knock one people margreet you want by this leave people to do what they want to do
and  i'm just a equian do that that's no life works if you cause harm
people  should have the right to stand out for the people the hurting of the holbeins that you
heard  in sotherton of stopped there but he didn't bite didn't that down in a line a dooranee
i  stopped in a slight he shouldn't be challenging thing by this cause basically stamped from oronsay or
we  may meet the eternal out you answered
that  mind and annamaria do that sorry can impose
believe  a lie at
i  actually chantoiseau skates and
a  confidence change could nothing but happen i think we are young guide the bad thing happened
at  b in the crown but nowadays tarenyawagon woman that
yeah  i mean you know
basically  not on
and  have i been
we  do talk about practical matters like
and  they do it me right now they pay my rent and you know an economically you know they're paying
for  me to be a university now and so on so they have i mean in this period of my life they've had a positive
fact  in
many  other periods of my life not so much on but you know
with  my father when he was a young man
study  in
i  need to say he's not hindu or
but  he did choose i mean he had no
no  pressure on him out of anything he could have studied the university he made a choice to study him to
and
that's  very strange and i think he knows it in
and  it was mentioned during my childhood like may be
you  know what i mean they was just like was not a secret but it was really not something ever
talked
so  it's funny just even that little bit of background had it was always
there  that he had this respect for vegetarianism and any
kind  of vow like that the idea of taking you know on a point of honor deciding
to  do siamese
enemy  know
so  on that level they get it
there's  nothing to explain
but  i mean obviously like this is the sense in which i mean i know people friends who are scholars
of
and  later he said to me now you know
completely  hopeless in india and you know these people worship cow milk and butter you
know  the hindu culture is so hung up on dairy products
but  definitely in contrast to islam or or judy is i mean there is
no  basis for begins a judaism judaism i mean you're probably aware it's remarkably similar
to  his
you  know
the  two or more in common than christianity does with the one of them
but  you know that's
definitely  he talking with next
it's  hard to see how
i  do fear like christian canada i don't see any hope here either
you  know it's hard to see hope for significant
but  the resolution change doesn't
i  think it's going to be so that we gradually say it's just going to hear some point when
i  nothing of palingenesia
and  if he were
ornamental  of piteous agrees that this is wrong or necessary
a  kind of easy to do this
companies  doing a worse is always lycanthropism and it overcame conelike
companies  just providing as resenting that were essaying these people a santarelli
bound  to do this as all do this
unthinking  it will i can see the positive enough thinking it will actually
start  rolling really quickly and i can't really quickly because itasca change what toilers at didn't happen like
rarely
it's  different well what you mentioned a few times the issue of imitating the
you  can see that really clearly in asia because in asia like
who  is a california began and who is a buddhist can or does
be
come  like a tradition like even if they're in the same restaurant you can look and see
okay  some people got into the
by  imitating the west and some people got into this
by  imitating their grandparents or you know a cultural vague cultural idea
from  the grand parts because for most cases like their own grandparents will eat me
but  their grandparents shared with them the beacon cept that refusing to eat
and  you know i mentioned like i normally i don't watch come from movies i'm not a man of that kind of
but  like it is true on that really basic level you could see
within  asian culture most people's idea of their ancient past is from conformities
it's  not from reading visited
and  well wrap groups we you know tana
they  became a vegetarian because of contos
literally  it that was the you know the encounter with
do  you know just the general idea that
something  sigi
to
or  i number four here the question of justice and injustice
one  of the themes are chamade in
i  find that people often have a very sharp feeling of injustice
when  their bicycles
but  larger problems can be ignored for many years at
i  don't act this way myself
you  can see people becoming really eventful full of hatred and rage against whoever they imagine
stole  their vices
sometimes  people wanted the
hoping  to meet whoever the thief was
you  know examples of this in the k or not this specific example
you  know cuts across
some  began talk about this sense of justice as a motive
for  or an aspect of
but  for me the parts really don't
because  i think of this
sense  of injustice as being very short
there's  no way that you can get your bike back and there's no specific person to blame it seems that
revenge  won't really help anything and it isn't clear what kind of justice would really be as
how  do you feel just as fit into the picture
and  the best that legalism
all  material
i  think it but the
my  nature personally to be like really
trivially  unreason does i paid for what he done etcetera
and
i  think that you told me before that it's not just compassion that can of fuel being in
this  the love with light nastier
positive
a
what  nice
no
things  to feel the think it's one of it is like the senses and dusarians
justice  needs to be saved and that i mean i pentele that but generally just now
i  animals by the lightest and most i can was
they  don't wish
no  harm upon them they just laid while in a not that there went attendant need be harm learnedest
on  logical and tilly i think sicotiere god begins to pelagie
so  i may not swear in that
and  i mean look i think you know before your mentioning when you're standing in front of the salters
i  hear the guys actually making cruel to
i  met like me think there is this question of personal responsibility or
you  know i against the particular people prostration
both  hall and you know important in this way it has you know
like  emotionally it's very sharp and you know we have these videotape footage from inside
waterhouse  of particular people you know kicking animals and killing them needlessly by
ways  and
in  the k i know of some carcases like that you know about
contact
but  i mean on the other hand it's hollow
it's  hard to fit it into the picture i've alive on name to him and it speaks
i  don't know it's true
but  you know one of these guys
who's  a leader of began activism
i  read about him it's like well at one point
he  was getting into threatening
like  university professors who are involved with vivid
and  you like well i understand why you'd want to do that from the sense of personal responsibility but on
the  other hand
the  same day and i can also understand terms of the slippery slope how ill you know once
you  kind of done one crime it leads to another once you've crossed a legal line
leaving  a psycho pletely the moraine once you cross the quotation
and  this guy was
showing  up at some guys house
he  had heard when someone just told him
this  guy
poison  local stray cats or something something like that like something to a stray cats are straight dogs
that  were on his property which is legal
the  guide killed some stray animals on his property
he  showing up this guy's house and threatening him
you  know and again when he doesn't really know is just someone told him this
he  is
so  you know it's funny but i mean i really
i  really see that issue of justice and injustice is one of the more
kind  of dangerous and unpredictable things but it's also tragic it's also tragic
i  mean it does matter it matters that the guides working in the slaughterhouse are not carrying this out with
some  set of freesoil they don't
these  people to do it nicely like
the  trust and the thing is we have actually face something like this with the exarcate
we  wanted it to be a positive thing all all we want to be that form and that we want to tell the workers
and  no
to  a public as we are here to
very  like the bee probably the only people of the shores of old like a tiny minister
and  say by
to  witness borabolla to say we recognize this is ganging
and  then they not that to prate winstanley to shout at tortillas with cat
with  one like a smaller rope that field is urged to a scream and say things
to  the veto the workers and is really finding people the waraba in them
on  the last pickerel
a  benefit or want of course all of us in a scream and choristers can
you  do this how can you make them out you like do this awareness no one in that satellites
to  come into play that he had actually learned control it or within is like when you get chippewayan
we  get some people that shots before aniseseed and which they now need for it is just
it  is you just feel that that kind of sense
redington  gazing at into shallower anger but
benefits  no one at
we  cannot that way out
no  i mean you know i just say it's the kind of contradiction that people get into and i'm
sure  the guy i'm referring to i'm sure he didn't plant you know it's not like he thought my plan for the next ten years
is  to do this kind of crazy shit use the point is once you get into threatening and intimidating
you  know there's a
but  yet for me i mean this issue of
being  so angry that your bicycle
you  know one of like literally wanting to kill the person or get revenge people rest
this  woman and i was once your
while  these people called the physician by anastasio arapahoes in carentan
and  no
ah  oratorian bright car problems to competence and it turned
as  bungarolo
in  the same woman blocks man intently i surround she's a popish intently
but  me
i  go by my case that she put me in saint the thinkers like a low fermenting go in a like case
me  or you parted if not my case like a
no  i
please  could you move out to get one got to go pick moochas and now
she  was at altona minute so i go out wait in the car five minutes
that  poetical sparafucile and i go
a  walking again in like case me please in a minute rosanna pick my dog or please can you just have a
little  compassion i apologize for any in the wrong place i didn't do intentionally i don't want to set
you  and she was lithesomeness in religion lasted weeks i really wanted to do
something  to caracas i shan't work always i could damage her callousness
in  cherished or properties and
king  causing it so many ways i would get her
and  at my
a  fine like to ate and it was just
the  strong sense i am an otaheite in to supper
it  is hard to like her imbittered
let  me feel negative to
and  then at the same time these larger questions
there  is not going to be any punishment for there's not committing responsibility for
the  stuff you know whether it's vivisection or slaughtering animals or any of the stuff that we care about is begins
where  the furriner or all these you know serializing
but  you know in cambodia
first  mentioned cambodia the corso know what the end of the
end  of the camaraderie
he  signed a treaty that said not there would be no trial there no punishment there
be  no responsibility for any
so  that they could have peace
and  like one of the famous torture houses one of the centers where people
were  tortured next her a huge number of people
i  got made into a museum
and  the guy she would on the torture
came  to the museum
well  that's what happens when there really is no justice
when  there really are no trials than the people who are
we  really responsible the people who with their own hands tortured a murder the pope
show  up to see the museum oh i used to
so  i mean it's weird and all these things like
obviously  i'm older than you
but  like i remember the celebration with the end of a parted and south africa and that was
also  the same thing as coketown be any trials there is beauty no responsibility that will be no nobody's
going  to go to jail when you have so cold truth an american filiation
but
look
so  i be says it is an impossible candidatin we all we all seem to
because  i was in as much as we really believe this stuff is morally wrong than we do believe people
are  individual responsible
and  i have talked to a couple
former  slaughter house
employees  people involved at different stages of that industry of raising and killing the cows
who  became big
the  origin is i could tell from the conversation
they  were not poor they sing they were rich but they had enough money
to  get out of it
father  i did intending when we attended
pioneers  the sun
where  is dot was the one rontheim and then his taeping along a
mental  health issue and had by one anoint her own soacatino montanelli
rise  and he and charming maturity and the suicide isolationists
added  like a salute entered essentially because he wanted to help me start you anatomies
and  then the white told me i had it on noiseless discontinuous
he  really did care for his powers and a
take  baby away on the day of my day one of the bars and then he had to
send  entertain and if it is all as notes i conceded connection now i
even  at that level
still  senator and the conclave cognitive distance later about
just  just so weird but when you speak these people because it is like that then little one
step  away one of waving just be like new wine by idiotically therefore my actions on the follow
so  and unpretending a foot economy plays a line to it because of the easterling about
how  robinson says and how many of the men really but that but he
identified  for some device
or  on a
you've  already heard me read about that i hate the fact that the
it  it's already bad enough to have existing as a for profit industry but then when it
doesn't  even make money when its taxpayers help and you now
yes  but a man think what you're lether for me frankly since childhood that was really a
concern  or even a kind of obsession just the concept of nice
what  do people mean when they say something is necesary
you  know whether it's war or
torturing  anastatius handing out you know what do we really mean when we say things no
and
is  not necessary it is very fetching in my raciness
when  it came on to one
a  human beings if they'll do anything for money if they won't do it for money they'll do it for sex
but
a  pass in necessity
the  gay talk you i must remember i just talk to him on the internet he was a former you know small
scale  dairy farmer and i don't say that to exculpate when your small scale you have more to do with the slaughtering and everything
you  know you see every stage when it's bigger scale you may just to
but  he said that
after  a few years he literally looked at the cows
saw  a dollar in
because  he would know how much money a different type of cow would be were they go ye that's a five thousand dollar cow
and  he just thought of them in terms of pay checks
and  also in terms of how many months or intimate weeks it would be until that money came in
now  that's that's going to be worth fathomed that was really how we thought about it and he said that was
treating  of it that symbolic way
actually  helped him do not think about them as even as an
when  people used to headmen they can't make grassplot designer
is  not going to be an animal that just an object like when we win using the going to be seriously
harm  i mean look at breeding of dogs for example at that one is involved in notation for grey
hours  wandesborow legs completely look even even the creature that were supposed to
love  this man as fine second wound
but  i mean the fact or thing is to
to  be the only topic about which people pretend to care about human
but  you know there are people who need to be in prison because they are too dangerous to be in society
it's  a small minority of people in prison but it's the truth as you go on in life you will meet people who are
a  danger every minute there on these
humane  prison condition
that's  a real use of the concept of human that's not bushido ask okay if this guy
is  going to be in a cell for the rest of his life is that sell human or not i
met  a guy this bizarre gland and up in northern england and southern scotland he was in
complaint
toilets  installed in the prisons because they still had prisons there were the prisoners went to the bathroom
in  a metal pail
two  hundred old prisoner just never been renovated you know anyway i think that a few years ago but
it's  not that many years and he was sentimental okay what are humane
prison
nobody  care
but  that's a smaller social movement then began his that's like a tiny tiny tiny
it's  only like the wives of prisoners who give a buckaroo else care
you  know
for  this fur coat is humane and like i know it's human because
it  it was made in sweden and like the swedes are so morally superior to the russians
on  with from russia it might not be
the  humane excuse
the  nationalism and luxury
i  know because the human meat is the more expensive
so  it's the higher status
but  like
like  what the fulton your life is is human you know what is there any of anyway sorry
montan  you are mountenay why is it that this is the only
that  humanness
comes  up in it like it's a really good question i don't know the weapons of war you know are
we  using humane methods of bombing civilians to me ultimately it's a meaningful question
not  but you know there's absolutely no public
but  my first honour i won't first home the difference to make
said  the lighterage likes when one at once to rescue their chickens it was in a free range
therefore  from and then
which  that the second i walked into the bar by an older italian or
ranges  lie even to begin but the village is not read
i  think it was sir on my blog though i had a photo of that of the best range conditions
in  europe under the standard it in from holland somewhere that other one
yeah  it was like the single most popular image ever posted i added like a slogan had some text
but  it was just a photo that and it's like
true  it's not as bad but it's fucking unbelievably horrible and this was
the  highest standard within europe for free
the  harlemers pet of the suspicion and then i also noticed the mentality of
the  workers like this resort
a  small scale guy at a small scale he had it
six  thousand chickens
and  then
he  has sons working with makaranda take him businesslike and
not  attitudes which usually like the sun was lifting boycotting
the  croatians just like kicking them grabbing the granite negligent
and  laughing at them and is just like it was just such a sick went out in a limousine
lamblike  this is her warburton in cars and
it  was really to understand the mentality and how it has been told to old aegaean
i  think about how gramachree at it doing his stunt like how easiest ingrain
into  them especially with my wineshop parents doing it
i  could just put chick
i  saw a genuinely wild chicken came out of the jug
you  know i don't know if it was actually wilder fairly you know if it's ancestors had escaped from a farm
where  the
these  were chickens that had reverted to their natural behavior
and  you know it was a mother chicken being followed by her she
all  those paviors were there all the intelligence and how it looked around
and  you know it's defending its young and looking for pretentiousness
turkeys  in the wild the don't you know that you know united states
that  was the official proposal was instead of the bold eagle was to make the wild turkey the national
symbol  in states because at that time people were spected the turkey they didn't think of is a stupid animal
they  thought it was a tough you know it was an animal that wouldn't wouldn't stand down who got no fight it would
fight  a fully grown man in the forest so defendant on or its territory were respected his people silly
what  they were like
but  i lose where the i also such a ceasing cambodia said
but  in love i saw chickens that could really be described as free range
a  garden that they were in a
they're  not wild but they have more those behave
and  you know the level of intelligence and all the stuff they're doing
and  they do they hunt insects like grasshoppers and they compete with one
another  socially and there's all this stuff going on in the chicken yard there's all the kind of politics
you  know
the  social unit
and  you know the human beings who would kill them at the
they  were cowards
remember  they killed the chicken through the most gradual form imaginable
which  was the and this was normal for them
they  took a chicken and they put it in a new
same  way hanging human being in an
and  hang it from poet from a
and  that chicken took hours and hours to die because for one thing a chicken is just not that heavy
and  human being i think does pretty quickly that
and  for another thing in case she didn't know a chicken has wings
it  was pathetically flapping its wings to try to help itself to be
and  the two things that were striking about that
that  the human beings were all looking away they were not you know there were intentionally not
but  the other chickens were also
the  other chickens knew what was going on and were aware of it at the probably seen it before
and  is the most amazing thing cause chickens they moved their heads around really quickly and there all
you  know angleworm their old looking away from
he
i  did not know
coward  in the
cried
i  did not know the word coward in the
i  did speak to them in low
why  they
again  i know that were humane you can't apply the why they didn't
his  head off to eat
and  they didn't
let  you
free  range
i  know you want to to
it's  funny the stuff that
i  think though probably what emotionally gives to me the most is when there is hope
is  when there are things that play on your hope for
like  i mentioned you know recent video watching the protest that from japan
that  was weird that that affected me so emotional
it's  just people having a protest
but  you know
i  live with the hopelessness
every  day it's only once in a while that you get that
that  feeling of hope to get in that
is  the other side of the
so  and that tends to emotionally really effect
a
and  he sealed this partly because i really i really do encounter the idea that as long as it's a small
farm  as long as it's locally rays as long as its whatever and
you  know don't tell me about small farms
aulus  mentioned this because it may actually be useful for my views but when i've talked
to  me eaters but that face to face i mean on this channel talk to
but  one of the things i said is
may  be used for international
and
if  you want an operation
that  a local hospital is better than a hospital and a big
do  you assume that the closest possible
is  ethically better or technically better
then  a bit made the biggest hospital in paris
how  what why would it be be
who  has the best
you  know it may serious but as a starter for the conversation as opposed to telling some one you think there are subacta
find  that does get them in
well  what are the assumptions why would a local farm be better than one far away
and  what
what  am i imagine
technologically
between  locally
all  right
final  question
question  number five one of the things that's unusual about your chance
and  two thousand six
is  that your choosing to not live a normal life with a real job and you don't seem to be
trying  to escape from your normal life in your real job you seem to be in the minority of people
who  are not trying to sell a diet book not trying to sell a pin up callender not trying to make
money  from your own body or a pure
i  wonder if you have friends or fans who encourage you you to put on a began to start from
my  whole videos yoga videos and imitate the success of other you
legalism
but
if  it's something you've never considered i'd find that interesting
but  it seems like there's some sort of pressure or maybe just financial temptation
for  any young woman who was slim athletic et cetera
to  try to make money through lifestyle activism or by making their own beauty into a sort of
cinema  that the audience can produce pain through videos in
so
oh
refusing  personated says there
the  bladebone because of him i always light because of the curious that
can
kind  of selling or body aspect to
i  make him one except or ever i lit with toussaint
been  instilled into me the lot acceptable and so i i would never feel comforting the
what  kind of a taste of things in turbanlike social medio doing that kind
of  thing i can't do me that just because i literally had to the hate moesogothic habits
you  toandt denison have those to increase that how i am
i  that's how i use my paranoia would i
like  to not have them yes i don't adoptions
said  mariposa that not the amarilly dislike it makes me very uncomfortable and i
tragaldabas  i'd not be making beds
and
but  i
vinicius  part herman had gone up that
how  to make a statement like a stable my new
habitable  or
wonder  hope enjoy and
the  idea of janitorial freely does and a after could have the young girls
of  my age and outshines
might  do appeals me at meerdyke people said things biloquial
maulear  you should do like workhouse you go i wait i am
i  don't iteration that for certain example it is just realized because a
female  and ungentle
it  isn't appeals me but the same time i actually help
also  women
a  house which he was sabathier had heard and she was her inward and i cannot
show  people
as  possible to do while began i understand robustus too much
of  a contradiction of aromatic
i  think it's interesting
even  within your channel which basically contains nothing
you  have a couple of videos just about hair care but had grow long hair which is like a
beauty  topic you know and then those get you know we more views than the views
on  so like even there for a lot of people that alone would be enough to say oh
this  is the direction of gotama like that would be a stimulus to be a director say
if  i want a hundred thousand followers
now
you  know it's got to be hair or whatever it is in handing
hantou  can tell him oceanique clare and
but  i am a well a last pat
i  put masanath and say have done one or two
but  it makes me really contrary really uncomfortable at the top penteconters
on  the idea i lepoletais did you bring me so long and hard haytian
i  don't have an answer the answer it is just like a lone anatomist that as the tune of a
and  b i don't matter i marionetta acceleration
but  that's what happened at lazy at otaheite aeronautical
and  i buried
so  was what appeared to bossiness
the  thing we are almost upon logical cure and i should tell them that what we had
harousch
i  can of thoreau all
use  it to get people
to  my channels and they can be exposed him that began
by  god against eating inside of me is really annoying thought the entire entire
obeisances  against
so  many of us so much o a matrem private person and yet has to be
publicly  to think i'm not very materialistic and what bastard
a  haste to
so  he is really a
and  in art obviously as beneficial
i  mean it is interesting
it  blows my mind that i really do get people writing into me and cardie
who  want my cane
to  be like a boat like beauty and fitness and like you know the usual thing for us
and  like i'm not saying i can't do it
i  wouldn't be the best channel i wouldn't be like i wouldn't be in the top one
thousand  channels i would be one of the worst channels if you really want my channel
to  be giving you like diet beauty fitness like cooking but like
all  you at nobody's asked me for
no  belike
you  know why you want to see is goes to the gem or something like
but  that you know that the pose my mind that people want that content and put
that  expects
on  me
so  i live greenslitt
alive  by caroling one else the antecede corking and
an
shopping  and boyfriends girondists wanted by expect on my
reality  temistocle were just so obsessed with everything over the narrow lives
pirates
a  very small cheaply people genuinely feel either i reduce genuinely
i  don't i don't think the words
bad  like i don't remedy word but it is interesting me also that begins
this  kind of contradiction because everything's about sex everything's about sexuality
and
certain  kind of sexual image and yet people are also really stuck on pretending that nothing
and  you know i had some mail bag and forth with test bag he may may not know
but  she is a very young female tuberose dropped at a high school
you  pull yeshonaraseshen he high school so i don't know her age
and
you  know look i just mentioned in passing like this is another example of someone you know in esmo's
trying  to capitalize on their sexuality and you know doing this combination of fitness and
food  videos and what have you beltani sat about her was not insulting and
in  the mail back and forth to or made that clear as i love
i'm  not saying anything bad but you just talking about time what's going on with feminism
on  the internet and what the future
but  like the sexual aspect
it  is it is an aspect of how how the whole thing is come modified and in
some  strange sense
it's  an aspen
why  heterosexual females watch other heterosexual females on to
somehow  this sense of
i  don't know i guess it's people who want to see
like  like straight women who want to see another straight woman whose life seems
to  have no problems in it you know seems
you  know financially impersonally just seems to be living a wonderful life
i  don't get it at all like you i don't i only want to see the struggle you know if
somersetshire  the talk about how hard their life is wherever they are whether they're in new york
city  or london or thailand if some one's talking about you know what's hard and what's really but that's even
like  like rats why do i listen to tenant don't take plenty of one song but a wonderful life
is  seriously their whole catalogue is but a life is of a miserable struggle
i  know there's still rapping another just got at a jail if integrality five years
oh  you know so yeah that's partly here
but  yet
everything  is about six
no  one can admit that it's about
and  at the same time we saw these witch on going
you  know during the writer is currently threatening to beat up another guy and so on and even back with
the  jobs thing which is now but a year ago
i  didn't i wasn't slamming i wasn't sayin your best tapers i examined a talked ferent aspects
but  it's just
situations  where you know grown adults are paying to share a hotel room together
and  then coming on the internet and making
its  weird there's some kind of still like catholici ing element
in  the
were
i  don't know i guess it's like the ex men calaboos nor can he expect comic books all
the  characters are like naked they're basically wearing body paint the wineskin tight clothes
that  are impossible
and  yet this is children's entertainments and nobody really has set
and  everything is supposed to be
i  guess it's one of his gettin some sense these people want to be super heroes and they want to symbolize vitality
and
and  power and beauty
sexuality  you know why now like the ex man or like any of the
and  yet
you  know we're supposed to pretend that's not that's not what
i  should have praised my rent in the form of a question
let
and  we look i'm still a reckless optimist because i like to
still  only a minority
and  you know actually the only the only reason i have to hope for
the  mails i get from mount viewers
but  i get emails from pagans who are normal people who want to leave realizes who one to make
a  pause of difference in
you  know not just through vegas they're doing other meaningful things
and  they write in to tell me how much you mean to them to have somebody on you to be is not
not  seeing that
it  was well i president
it  full at one time ideas also i firstly because i don't need the money and the sightless
i  hate the idea of it one having the control over what speech
is  on my chanoine interesting i don't want to have like click
pardon  or chance and of idols otterstone i stayed my home
so  in
i  didn't want to tie fast also why i tried to be myself i noticed that people really
don't  like me and here i actually i was apparent the light they find me really
the  pressing it colors red gattamelata
inhuman  by obviously is like an acquired taste so i would be like
i  would be better off if i can amanthis relief at applause and smile and got myself like a pretty
boy  friend with a six
for  his life code
oh  i mean i think the other question is like
you  did notice does that
because  again you see those kinds of things oh i get way more viewers if it's about
hair  i get win more viewers if a more abroad whatever it is you
and  then all that stuff plays into it sometimes as he bantoomian
and
and  stop but
i  think it just takes a certain apperson but then i could be wrong right any one could be and of saintly
they  needed it badly enough
as  good question because i academician you remember the first to begin to were you
saw  like the first person who was
you  know other verse video on you to be but the first person who had a channel talking of the
he
but  that power will and i was watching you marbolt i
cannot  quit the shipyards and i remember she was some
began  before she became big and i remember that so she mentioned olifaunt caesariensis
minootes  the was freely wiesener came way so you for catechisation
bewitched  her and why my thoughts were i could hochlaender alicante
and  then another video came up he was
and  i said the most answered and i had no idea independently
took  me out my and my canteen had no idea what was watching and and then a kind of click
after  two minutes what what's goin to talk about so palatable like marie
do  not let this person converted just listen and then listen and just
the  open minded but don't let them like vein this concord
and  after the speech so rises the word is being dislike everything in my world to spend
her  upsidedown
so  freely technically what kind of countenance was the first they osawatomie
mionoseki
no  anderson
i  have a background in the
that's  been mentioned like really briefly on this
but  i think it's for that reason
that  what i look for in you too is not theatrical you know what i mean like i just have this
sense  of like look i know what a movie
i  know what a drama is and that's not what you
like  i want to see people just talk about their
you  know and i don't need special effects i don't need to enter i just need real talk about
real  life and that's cool like i always say like my channel i think of it as being like meeting me in a cafe
and  talking to me in the cafe and there's nothing else to
but  you know the first began to be i saw a career her screen name
is  shelley one two three
a  verse that it five years ago
partner  the time and she she only that only loaded this for a few months and then stare
probably  cause he has a real life in real
but  i remember you know and now she's like a good looking woman
it's  not about the fact that she's a good looking woman she doesn't happen to be a good looking woman tegumai
and  it's funny but i mean that was the first
the  first began to wherever saw and that just made sense to me like you know if you're began in your ugly
fine  for being your good but like compares you'll like how how are you going to compete with
cause  apologizin and playboy magazine and like a just it never seemed to me natural
that  if you want to address began
the  way to do it is by being the prettiest or the nakedest or the most in
oatmeale  tab sort of the best pack
and  it was funny though that just left the pressmen then like a probably was a couple
of  years later that i saw freely like it you know what i mean
anyway  whatever for whatever reason
and  i didn't eat freely and i still don't hate freely i don't have
but  you know
you  know it just didn't seem to me like necessary or inevitable and i still don't see like you
know  visit doesn't really have anything to do with you if you like you that's fine
they're  not the same thing
veenis  doesn't really eventide with bicycles if you like bicycles that's fine house
and  it doesn't really endbury but old that's the way it's turned out in
he  just a noise that we are by a still nishat we have an actual word for just
calling  a lot on
tediously  we have to have laboratories anguish things that following
and
composition  need of fires we need a word wendall
to  say
not  home while i believe in the hall
as  was the thing
to  cause a restoration article
i  really retakes man really sickening
i  paused
feel  you but that's the only way i find there
and
if  we didn't
i  mean you know
that  we have to hold up to say a young one i come i
understand  that this is wrong labordette in then the other crazy
thing  is as soon as you meet other people under that flag you realize you have like nothing else in common
with  them or ninety ninety eight per cent of them like that's the other big shock
the  way futilities of the semites people
like  me and the very
i  can't say everyone goes through that but a lot of people
rising  people loafing therein people
alternate
what  people are genuinely thing confines were on time
but  again you do me the poor
matters  though i mean each one of those people matters i know a new year because it was way back on
my  toe channel but i've said like if i knew five
who  were but as
really  vote but as i would have stayed to put us
those  people and i didn't
at  the end of my time with her religion
been  all over the world and unless people and like there's not even one person in my life who i read
who  i really regard as a good solid persons at
you
the  quip but now i think i think it really does matter i mean again whether it's five people
of  three people or what
i  think i just about like foliage with things
i  side with renunciation manteaus
i  summoned
i  think that's the positive side talking with the long term though because before we were kind of
saying  you know
the  emotional effect of that over five years
but  i mean if you can build up a little bit of a social network then that's something that's really positive
over
five  years from now you will know most people prefer years is not that side by a few please
to  the
but  the group of people and
a  more than a perfection to
because  i had friends in the missus crane
american
it's  always a mistake again all this needlecase
directions  or some one to dunse to have much too then the part mitchell nurse
or  yet escallonia that buttons was an
just  like obviously an unreal but partially want to follow that pass to say that i underrated
and  she had consented ritually showing the ollerdays
going  to be yawning i could do by it as a son there was really right
really  nice and really confessing to meet people that went so
booshoh  people accompany one people a cohesive pompeo
vegetarians  i noticed a totally decides will like the roll of fame
to  the people i don't want to defend others seated
i  realise
i  mean that's an interesting thing because the
egan  for health reasons
can  be a gate
to  being an ethical
but  when it isn't
then  who are those people right like oceanlike it's kind of like what kind of stumpage
you  if you're already ven
you're  still not began you know either
still  can't take the ethical step even when it costs you no
the  really really sure anither i was in montreal is one of our big cities in
i  sat down at a big and restaurant and there were these two old men
but  not not like not like ninety but over over
and  these two old guys like a lot of old people they were speaking a little bit too loudly probes the
hearing  was bad and they were saying the waitress now there's that have butter in it
i  can't have butter on to my
riches
the  restaurant is began
were  two guys who were on began diet
for  them it was literally a vegan diet like that's it you know it was
completely  morally hollow and even when they're sitting in a began restaurant talking
to  the waitress
to  know degenerate
so  from my perspective like bill clinton is the ultimate example of
as  soon as he lost the weight you know he went back to eating meat
excuse  he went on pale
the  interesting if it's true because he said
a  mediatised down with hillary clinton and the saint so you
speaker  she was like and the like always is he a smokin the time a joke and now
she  was i know are and need it doesn't push on me and i have her so hopeless
and  we look out in a week we got a reconversion up sometime or you have any any particular questions for me or a man in
i  stuff it was like the first or we die with this stuff is emotionally draining it does have
a  kandahari
the  hero heroine teeter changing as
and  i mean
he  articulates always there
a  man think for every one you can say that suffering changes you in ways
that  you can anticipate you can't there are things you can predict in life we can now in the
like  i'm going to go to china now i'm going to try to win chinese i can think about how that's going to change me i'm going to be a different person
when  i come back if i come back i can think of what i was going to change me intellectually emotionally professionally
but  suffering you really do not know how it's going to
but  i think one of the difference is in
are  you talking to people who only change one it's their own suffer
wanted  to them in prison and it's them in the torture chamber whatever or eat argiope who can actually
learn  from
the  suffering of others
i  learned from the suffering of people who died a hundred years ago in history like
dust  from studying you know where i have no connection to it
now  has nothing to do with me
investing  yourself in that intellectual emotionally you do suffer you do suffer in
studying  political history i do it
suffering  is a part of learning
for  me i
as  what helps them survive perhaps
how  our species
i  think as soon as you recognize the suffering of animals as being you know more
than  zero that you was again like you said earlier you don't need to be an animal lover you know you don't
eyelike  dogs
but  just as soon as it's worth more than nothing
now  as soon as it's any number other than
then  ye
extended  that sense of suffering and of suffering with others and being changed by sir
exponentially
the  very first time i talked to you actually you had just got back from china you have some
connection  to chin in your life
ah  so i just wonder why you go because i'm now going back right
aoodya  interest in the future now was one trip to china
and  you you never want to go back
none  aticular
reason
he
i  am sure as i momentarily
a  ring at my unwithering
these  are not its strong suits to fit this like i was living out
in  the areas that are supposedly have more tact nature and
still  like a
and  you know i had professor saying to me so i'm going your name it's considered
a  remote area but like you know there more people living in one city and unathletic
in  canada like you know
you  know people will say something is a small town and has a million people and
had  several professors had me oh that's good you're going to get in because like the air pollution i won't be so
every  time i would you show them like curs the
so  they are pollution is not as bad as besieger by united
nations  stand
not  fit for human habitation it's like you know
a
actually  off of the church like taint with
him  though the balance of
and  i know the other thing it's funny but that this is both indian and in china
in  town the
for
but  whenever you talk to people and they'd mentioned you look a good place to live because the air pollution was better
when  you looked into it was never true or it was like you know it was like a two per cent difference
it  was like you know there these local justifications like oh you know there are some trees over there
so  you know the climate
yeah  yeah yeah yeah and all the
although  wild species there are you know between endangered and at
i  was interested in elephants you probably heard me mention that
oh  i think every one's interest to open to some
a  home but you know they have like this one part
if  a parking lot for wild elephants
and  i remember talking to people is like you know how do you define the word while
they  don't actually feed themselves like i realize they don't perform tricks or to give an
they're  not sir but like
and  they have like a little bit of space to walk so they're not nice
you  know they are fed by human beings every day on this is just a better quality of
the
and  those elephants there
you  know the chinese hospitals get a bad reputation
but  there was a white man decided to climb over the barrier
to  get a better some better photographs
the  elephants of close
and  in terms of sin of the talking about a lot in my chantereine street domesticated and while peace
one  of the adult male elephants demonstrate just how well it could use its tusks in concert
with  its trunk it lifted him off the ground impaled him and removed
his  entire long tested
you  know that part of his body yea and you think o that it's like
this  elephant didn't have peace
this  was
attempts  at disemboweling a human
and  you know it did this fallacy
but  so you know when i read this
i'm  just estonishing
some  interest
there  was a meeting with the fall of stories the guy survived
in  the hospital they just put all the organs back into him and so on to
while  you know what like the chinese out they've got at least a couple
of  talented
you  know
i  saw
they  just rummage it all back in
you  know that's the sort of thing that i'm certain there are videos of on
and  i never never going to watch
so  talk about self censorship living